The child is mine
Brother Song Nan, leave the child to me and let go
I can go
But the baby has to come with me!
Sister and child, you should follow your father
Give it to me haha
let go
Brother Song Nan, you stole my life for more than 20 years
Won't make you feel better
I won't let you get what you want
Including your son
Ah!
you
Sister, I grew up without a father
So I want the child to follow the father
How could you hit me for this, Brother Song Nan?
Who gave you the guts to hit my daughter?
Stop calling me
I don't have a daughter like you
How long is it? There are still 10 minutes until the president of the Song family.
Hurry up I want to pick up my wife and kids
Dad, he separated me from you when I was a kid
When I was a child, every time I thought of you
Only one person can cry
Why is my sister so lucky?
Being able to have your own children by your side since childhood
You're right actually.
Subek is because of you
I have been separated from Mingzhu for 20 years
Today I will send your son
Taste what it's like to be without a mother
Give me back the child
I'm holding you back
Give me back your children
Xiao Qiao
You let him go
Let me go
open
You you let him go
Puppy
Little bitch, I'm your father
How dare you bite me and see how I treat you today
Paternity test is here
Zhaozhao is my son
Who dares to touch him?